Defender behaviour (#1127)
NUbots/NUbots: module/strategy/WalkInsideBoundedBox/README.md

# WalkInsideBoundedBox

## Description

Keeps the robot clamped inside a bounded box, from which it will play soccer normally.

> If ball is outside bounded box area and ball is in opposition half, defender is clamped to the edge of bounding box closest to ball.

Reviewer: This comment still stands

If ball is outside bounded box area and ball is in own half, robot is clamped to the edge of bounding box closest to ball and positions itself 1 meter behind the ball.

## Usage

Add this module to play inside a bounded box in soccer!

## Consumes

- `message::input::Sensors` To get raw sensor information for localisation

> - `message::localisation::Field` Localisation usage for keeping inside bounded box

Reviewer: don't you also consume ball and defendtask

# WalkInsideBoundedBox

## Description

> Keeps the robot clamped within bounded box. The bounded box ios configurable.
> 
> If ball is outside bounded box area and ball is in opposition half, defender is clamped to the edge of bounding box closest to ball.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keeps the robot clamped within bounded box area on the field. The bounded box is configurable.

If ball is outside bounded box area and ball is in front of the bounding box, defender is clamped to the edge of bounding box closest to ball.
```

> If ball is outside bounded box area and ball is outside bounded box and less than x coordinate, robot is clamped to the edge of bounding box closest to ball and positions itself 1 meter behind the ball.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If ball is outside the bounded box area and to the side of the bounding box, the robot is clamped to the edge of bounding box closest to ball and positions itself 1 meter behind the ball.
```

## Usage

> Add this module to play inside a bounded box in soccer!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add this module to keep the robot within a bounding box on the field.
```

## Consumes

> - `message::input::Sensors` To get raw sensor information for localisation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `message::input::Sensors` To get sensor information for localisation
```
raw sensors is something different

- `message::localisation::Field` Localisation usage for keeping inside bounded box
- `message::localisation::FilteredBall` Used for ball position

> - `message::purpose::Defender` To get defender tasks

Reviewer: I meant Defend, not Defender. this should be updated to WalkInsideBoundingBox now that you've changed the name.

> - `message::purpose::Defender` To get defender tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `message::strategy::WalkInsideBoundedBox` a Task requesting to stay within a bounding box on the field
```

## Emits

> - `message::strategy::WalkToFieldPosition` a task to walk to desired field position

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `message::strategy::WalkToFieldPosition` a Task to walk to desired field position
```
